♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here ♪
♪ We changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know if
this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer
but we keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't never gonna stop
until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ Stronger together,
we'll turn it into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, uh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause we KO
every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise till
I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪♪
Maria: My darling Aguero.
Man: Have you heard?
A princess was finally chosen.
Man #2:
It was Maria, wasn't it?
Man #3: What's going to
happen to Aguero then?
Isn't it obvious?
His own sister wasn't chosen
by the king.
And if she wasn't chosen,
then the entire family...
will be torn apart
and thrown into exile.
Man #4: They've lost.
Agnis:
My dear son, listen to me.
Don't believe what anyone says.
If we show weakness,
we'll die.
Woman: Threw it
all the way for some girl.
Woman #2:
Such a pitiful man.
Man #5: He was fooled by Maria
just to be betrayed.
Oh, my darling Aguero.
Woman #3: He was used.
Agnis: You can only
trust yourself in this world.
Cover your ears,
close off your heart,
and let no one but yourself
decide the path you'll follow.
Aguero: Yes, mother.
Hey, Khun.
Huh?
I can't
believe how bright
the ceiling here is.
The ceiling is bright?
Oh, you mean
the sky in the sky?
Bam: The sky?
Hmm?
[ Laughs ]
Wait, you don't know
what the sky is?
So you're saying it's that
big blue thing all around us?
You dumb idiot!
We've got us a real stupid
turtle over here.
So, then when night falls,
does it glitter and shine
with all the stars?
What?
He just said stars!
Huh? I just meant Rachel told me
you couldn't see stars
unless you went
to the top of the tower.
[ Gasps ] What are you even
talking about?!
That's obviously just a legend,
you idiot.
Huh?
In other words, the thing
over our heads we call the sky
is just an imitation
created using Shinsu,
modeled after
the old legend.
An imitation?
Yeah.
I doubt the real sky
actually exists.
I see.
I didn't realize.
You wanted to
see the stars that badly, huh?
No.
Not so much me,
but Rachel did.
Huh?
The whole reason she came here
was to see the stars.
So I hoped...
I hoped we'd be able
to see them from here, I guess.
Hmm.
Mm?
If I'm being honest,
something's been bothering me.
You and Rachel were so close,
so why did she decide
to leave you and climb
the tower all by herself?
Huh?
And I wonder why
she took care
of you for so long.
Something doesn't add up.
It's all pretty odd
if you ask me.
There's nothing odd
about Rachel!
Blue turtle really stepped in it
and made black total mad.
I'm not mad.
[ People screaming ]
What was that?
It was super scary.
Sounds to me
like someone got killed.
-Huh?
-Whatever it was,
it came from in there.
Hey, uh, Khun,
what if the next test is...
Well, what if
it's really dangerous?
[ Scoffs ]
I'd like to invite
the next team to enter.
My blue turtle.
More chocolate.
[ Snores ]
That's weird.
They're taking away longer
than the last group.
[ People screaming ]
Their screams.
It's unsettling.
What's going on in there?
What's with
the long faces?
You kiddos
look mighty worried.
Who are you?
Don't glare at me like that.
It's rude.
What is it you want?
And here
I thought I'd be nice
and come over
to give you a hint
for the next test.
We'd love a hint.
Shh!
Keep your voice down.
The others will hear you.
So how do you just
conveniently know a hint?
It wasn't hard.
Merely simple deduction.
I was obviously chosen
for this position
because of
my exceptional intellect.
How could you deduce anything
from zero clues?
You haven't noticed
the most important clue of all?
It's staring
you in the face.
The what?
We'll never figure it out
so just tell us!
Speak for yourself.
The clue you've all been
looking for
is time.
Time?
Think about it, fellas.
Not every team has screamed.
The ones who didn't
all passed the test
within five minutes.
That's a good point.
So then that means
all we have to do
is finish the test
within five minutes or less.
Well look at you.
You catch on quick.
Thanks for giving us
such an important hint.
We never --
Bam, you really don't
have to thank
this fluorescent
plastic bag.
Who are you calling
a plastic bag?
Khun!
He's just trying to use us
to test his theory out
for him.
If we finish the test
within five minutes
and don't scream,
his theory is proven.
And if we take longer --
You know,
being too careful
is going to
come back to bite you,
abandoned son of
the exiled Khun family.
Well, after that cruel betrayal
you experienced,
I'd probably be skeptical
and untrusting of others, too.
Khun, no!
Don't do it!
Ooh, a fight!
Now we're talkin'.
You need to leave.
Woman:
Next team, please enter.
Let's go.
Uh, okay.
No fun.
That wasn't a real fight.
Whoo-hoo!
You can do it!
I'll be rooting for you.
Khun, look.
That clock must mean time is
somehow related, like he said.
Don't pay much attention
to that plastic bag.
Aah!
Han: Hello.
My name is Han Sung Yu,
and I'm the director
administrating the test
you'll all be taking today.
An administrator?
He -- He must be pretty
powerful, I'm guessing.
Yeah.
What is Han Sung Yu
doing here?
Han: The condition for passing
this test
is opening the correct door.
That is all.
You only have one chance
to open a door,
and after 10 minutes,
the test will be
forcefully terminated.
Aguero:
Forcefully terminated?
Aah!
That's horrifying.
Han:
The test will now begin.
Hang on, we need more clues!
I've given you all the clues
you could possibly need.
No, you haven't.
Is this another test
based on fate
and good luck?
Come on! Quit being a jerk
and give us a hint already!
The test has begun.
Hey,
you're not listening to me!
[ Clock ticks ]
None of this
makes any sense.
Screw this test!
It's pissing me off!
Calm down, Rak!
Let's put our heads together
and think!
No way!
The only thing I hate
more than needles
is thinking, and I...
Lock everything out.
Don't be misled
by your surroundings.
[ Sighs ]
Lay out
what you already know.
12 doors to choose from,
10 minutes to choose.
Clock's ticking.
Choose wisely or be terminated.
Could it be?
Aah! I'm so annoyed!
Rak, hold on!
Where are you going?!
[ Screaming ]
♪♪
[ Panting ]
Han: Finally, someone who
actually uses his head.
but unfortunately for you,
this test can't be passed
using brains alone.
Aguero:
What was the point of placing
a clock in this room?
We can use our pockets
if we want to check the time.
Mr. Neonbag:
Not every team has screamed.
The ones who didn't pass
the test within five minutes.
Aguero: If he wasn't lying,
is the time really a clue?
Agnis: Don't believe
what anyone says.
Well, after that cruel betrayal
you experienced,
I'd probably be skeptical
and untrusting of others, too.
Maria?
Woman: Hey,
have you heard the rumor
about Aguero and Maria?
Woman #2: I heard the two of
them were lovers.
Impossible.
Focus, you idiot.
If we're wrong,
then we'll --
We'll die.
Don't lose your focus.
The limit is 10 minutes.
But teams that take longer
than five fail.
Mr. Neonbag: Come on,
three minutes have passed.
What are you waiting for?
Cover your ears.
Don't be misled.
Close off your heart.
Don't trust anyone.
Woman: She abandoned him
the moment she was chosen.
His entire family was exiled
because of him.
Why now?
Why is all of this
flying back now?
♪♪
Oh, right.
Those eyes.
Stop!
Hmm?
[ Shuddering ]
Don't trust anyone.
Just follow the path
you believe in.
Bam: Rak!
What are you doing?
Aah!
♪♪
Ahh! I feel better.
Hey, gator,
what made you
decide to pick that door?
Hmm?
Instinct.
Uh...
It's all over.
Huh?
Congratulations,
you passed.
What?!
If you would now allow me
to explain,
to pass, you had to open a door
within five minutes.
So you mean opening
pretty much any door
would have been
correct?
-Yes.
-[ Laughs ]
See that?
I totally figured it out!
Han: But you just said
it was instinct.
Let's go!
Follow the genius
and his powers
of deductive reasoning.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, boy.
Well, I'm glad
it worked out in the end.
Are you alright?
Aguero: So tell me,
what was this test
supposed to measure?
Did your dear princess
wound you that deeply?
Princess?
Since you've been hurt,
you trust nothing
and no one.
You can't do anything without
complete certainty first.
So?
Why does that matter?
The world will never wait
for your certainty.
You need companions who will
open doors without hesitation
and don't second guess
every choice.
Furthermore...
Khun, are you okay?
Don't you wish to protect
those innocent eyes
which don't yet
know doubt?
Rak: Yo, turtles, less talking
and more walking!
Well, Bam,
let's go.
Oh, okay.
Wherever this journey
may lead you, take care.
You seem to be
dragging around
quite a heavy burden with you,
Khun.
What an asshole.
♪♪
Call in the next regulars.
Serena: Wake up!
We don't have time for you to
catch up on your
beauty sleep!
Shut up, you --
Don't you say it.
Find the answer in one minute
or else!
Ahh.
Divination will lead the way.
Mm.
You've passed the test.
Let me get this straight.
That clock doesn't measure
the 10-minute time limit.
It makes a rotation
in five.
All the teams that spend
more than five minutes in here
wound up screaming
their lungs out.
And that's the only clue
we had.
I would say that
pretty much told us we better
open one of those doors
before the five-minute mark.
Impressive deduction.
That's kind of
infuriating.
Right there with you.
And why is that?
Mr. Neonbag:
As you instructed, I gave
those teams hints to the test,
but why did you want me
to do it?
[ Chuckles ]
All hail Rak.
He's the great...
I guess I wanted to do
a little experiment
to see if the hint would hinder
or help them in their trial.
That's all.
Can I ask you a question?
Hmm?
The princess
Han Sung Yu mentioned.
I was wondering --
Sorry, but I don't really
want to talk about it.
Oh, yeah. I understand.
Sorry to ask.
You know what, Bam?
What is it?
I hope that one day you get
to see real stars
with Rachel.
Thank you.
Aguero: Do I want to protect
his innocence?
I don't know for sure yet,
but...
I'm the only one
who ever needs to feel that.
Woman: Time's up.
The three of you
will now be transported
to the next testing area.
Han: Only three examinees
passed the first test?
Are you sure you did a proper
job administering it, Quant?
Of course!
I just figured it'd be better
to get it over with
quickly.
And?
So get this.
I had the great idea
of administering the first
and second test simultaneously
as an untimed deathmatch.
I'm to believe those three
killed all the other
regulars off
in the span of only 30 minutes?
That's pretty much it,
yeah.
And you'd bet on your life
there wasn't an irregular
or a Princess of Jahad
hidden among them?
No.
Or I don't think so.
If the higher ups were to
somehow catch wind
and learn of such sloppily
administered testing
on our parts, it would mean
both of our heads.
Don't look so serious.
You're freaking me out.
Please, there's got
to be something
you can do
to trip them up.
I'll do what I can.
You're the best!
Remind me
to thank you later!
I love you, Han Sung.
Bye!
Connect me to Lero-Ro.
I really am a genius,
aren't I?
What the hell
are we waiting for?
[ Yawns ]
Thanks a lot, Mr. Knight.
I appreciate it.
Hey, blue turtle,
I'm parched.
Go get me
something to drink.
No, go buy something
yourself.
I don't mind.
I'll go get you something.
Money mode activate.
[ Panel beeps ]
Here you go.
That was
really nice of you.
It's good to see you
pass the test, too, lucky boy.
What?
You think I'm lucky?
I'm Shibisu.
This is Anaak and Hatz.
What's your name?
It's Bam.
And who's the big guy?
You may call me
the fearsome leader
of this whole operation.
I'm Khun, and no,
you can just
call him Gator.
Wha?!
You've sure get yourself
some interesting teammates here.
You're right,
I do.
Well,
it was nice to meet you.
I hope we make it to the end,
Bam.
Huh?
You and I are just
regular guys, you know?
Makes me feel
a kind of sympathy for you.
Really? me?
What can I say, man?
I guess watching you
just inspires me.
Looks like friendship
is in the air.
It's Lero-Ro.
-You finally showed up.
-So what's the next test?
Patience, regulars.
I came to share
some wonderful news with you.
You did? Really?
Indeed.
You've all been granted
the very exciting opportunity
of participating
in a bonus test.
Well, uh, no offense,
but taking more tests
isn't exactly wonderful news
for us -- like at all.
Maybe,
but this is no ordinary test.
First,
participation is voluntary.
Declining to participate will
not put you at any disadvantage.
Secondly, if you pass
this optional round,
it will be considered the
equivalent of passing all tests,
moving your team forward.
Huh?
What? You mean it?
I mean exactly
what I just said.
If you win, you'll be granted
permission to climb the tower.
That's quite
an opportunity.
No way we're going
to pass this up.
Man: Yeah, let's do it.
So then, I take it
everyone here will be
participating in this challenge?
Lero-Ro:
The next test you'll be playing
is called the Crown Game.
How do we play?
Simply put, you'll be stealing
a crown from each other.
Your time limit
is five minutes.
Five teams will participate
simultaneously,
and the game will be split
into five rounds.
The goal is to acquire the crown
and hold onto it.
Whichever member of the team
gets their hands on it
must wear it and stay sitting
in this chair
until the game ends.
If they're able
to successfully procure
and defend it until the end,
the other four teams
will be defeated.
At that point,
four new teams will enter,
and the second round will begin.
The game ends instantly
should the person with the crown
leave the chair for any reason.
If that happens, all five teams
will be swapped out
and the game will resume
as originally planned.
The team in possession
of the crown at the very end
of the final round
wins the entire thing.
So, in this challenge,
winning early
will only hurt you.
Exactly. But if you delay
jumping in because of the risks,
the game may end without you
ever having participated.
Hmm.
I see where you're going.
Lero-Ro: Also,
I should mention a single team
from another testing area
will be participating
in this game, as well.
From another
testing area?
We have a perfectly
good reason for it.
What is that?
I smell powerful weapons
that weren't around before.
Wow, Rak,
your sense of smell is so sharp.
Impressive.
So without further ado,
the first round will now begin.
If you'd like to participate
in the challenge,
please be sure to press
the buzzer in your waiting room
by the time I count to five.
Let's hold off
and see how it plays out first.
We should probably pass.
He's still asleep.
If we're going to play,
I think it should be
in the third round
or later.
What?!
Lero-Ro: ...three...
It doesn't matter
what round we enter in.
We just have to win.
...four...
Yeah, I guess you're right
as usual.
Lero-Ro: ...five.
Time's up.
There's only one other
stupid team, huh?
And a weak one at that.
What? You're totally
going to regret this.
Don't make me laugh.
That lizard girl
has a powerful weapon!
We should compete
so I could get stronger.
Lero-Ro:
Unfortunately, the opportunity
to participate is closed.
Look, let's just see
how it goes.
And now let the first round
of the Crown Game begin.
♪♪
Don't bother.
I'll handle this alone.
So just
stay out of my way.
Sure thing.
We'll do whatever you want.
Have fun, 'kay?
[ Scoffs ]
Take this seriously,
alright?
You better not be mocking us,
or I swear I'll --
I give it my all
whether my opponent
is strong
or weak like you.
You're trying to
rile up, huh?
Well, I'm not going
to fall for --
Kon!
[ Grunts ]
Aah!
Yes!
-Kon!
-You'll regret that!
[ Grunts ]
[ Grunting ]
What in the world
is that weapon?
♪♪
[ Bones crack ]
[ Yawns ]
You should have finished us off
while you were ahead!
She didn't react to
being hit in the head?
Aah!
My hand! Aah!
Apparently lizards' heads
are made out of rocks.
Huh? Aah!
That almost hit me!
Damn you!
Aah!
She's a lot tougher
than she looks.
[ Groans ]
What,
you still want to fight?
Aah!
Do it now!
Run, guys!
As long as one of us
takes the crown, we can still --
Huh?
♪♪
[ All screaming ]
That lizard is strong.
Can't wait to fight.
[ Laughs ]
Anaak, you did it!
Why don't you let me
wear the crown?
With fighters like you and Hatz
defending me,
our victory will be assured.
What have you done?
Huh?
No! You idiot!
Why are you
wearing the dumb thing?
No need to worry.
I won't let anyone
take the crown.
Aaaaah!
I'm not your pillow,
black turtle.
Get off.
Oops. I'm sorry.
Huh?
Lero-Ro: Since it seems the
challengers are clearly unable
to continue fighting, the next
round will begin shortly.
If you'd like to participate,
please press your buzzer
by the time I count to five.
What? Rachel?
♪♪
♪ Where you going? ♪
♪ It's hard to keep up ♪
♪ You're moving so fast,
leaving me behind ♪
♪ Gimme an hour,
that's all I need ♪
♪ It's now or never,
I'm running out of time ♪
♪ The seconds are relentless ♪
♪ I'm helpless as
they keep flying by ♪
♪ Stuck here in the desert ♪
♪ I feel like I'm
in an hourglass ♪
♪ Maybe I can stay and be
comfortable living in the past ♪
♪ But I don't wanna be alone so
can you take me to you now ♪
♪ Too fast, I try to follow but
I'm losing hope ♪
♪ We used to walk together down
this winding road ♪
♪ But you're so far ahead it
seems impossible to catch up ♪
♪ And now I'm walking on my way,
all alone, I'm feeling so cold ♪
♪ Not getting anywhere,
I feel like I'm in slow mode ♪
♪ Used to be a winner ♪
♪ Everything was all
black and white ♪
♪ Now I'm bottom of the pile,
a dusty photo ♪
♪ I'm afraid I'm gonna be left
stranded by myself ♪
♪ All the foolish dreams I had
inside of me are broken ♪
♪ Everything I wanted in the
distance out of reach ♪
♪ Am I the only one that's gon'
stay here forgotten, ey ♪
♪♪